Document the order of array items (#2145)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

## Get Channel Messages % GET /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/messages

> Returns the messages for a channel. If operating on a guild channel, this endpoint requires the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission to be present on the current user. If the current user is missing the 'READ_MESSAGE_HISTORY' permission in the channel then this will return no messages (since they cannot read the message history). Returns an array of [message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object) objects on success, sorted by snowflake in descending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the messages for a channel. If operating on a guild channel, this endpoint requires the `VIEW_CHANNEL` permission to be present on the current user. If the current user is missing the 'READ_MESSAGE_HISTORY' permission in the channel then this will return no messages (since they cannot read the message history). Returns an array of [message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object) objects on success, sorted by their id in descending order.
```

## Get Reactions % GET /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/messages/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}/reactions/{emoji#DOCS_RESOURCES_EMOJI/emoji-object}

> Get a list of users that reacted with this emoji. Returns an array of [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) objects on success, sorted by snowflake in ascending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a list of users that reacted with this emoji. Returns an array of [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) objects on success, sorted by the user ids in ascending order.
```
